Update description of batchProcessingMode (#11686)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|`druid.peon.mode`|Choices are "local" and "remote". Setting this to local means you intend to run the peon as a standalone process (Not recommended).|remote|
|`druid.indexer.task.baseDir`|Base temporary working directory.|`System.getProperty("java.io.tmpdir")`|
|`druid.indexer.task.baseTaskDir`|Base temporary working directory for tasks.|`${druid.indexer.task.baseDir}/persistent/task`|

> |`druid.indexer.task.batchProcessingMode`| Batch ingestion tasks have three operating modes that control how intermediary segments are constructed and tracked: `OPEN_SEGMENTS`, `CLOSED_SEGMENTS`, and `CLOSED_SEGMENT_SINKS`. `OPEN_SEGMENTS` will use the streaming ingestion code path and performs a `mmap` on intermediary segments to build a timeline so that these segments can be queryable by realtime queries. This is not needed at all for batch, so the default mode, `CLOSED_SEGMENTS`, eliminates `mmap` of intermediary segments, but still tracks the entire set of segments in heap. The `CLOSED_SEGMENTS_SINKS` mode is the most aggressive and should have the smallest memory footprint, and works by eliminating in memory tracking and `mmap` of intermediary segments produced during segment creation. This mode isn't as well tested as other modes so is currently considered experimental. `OPEN_SEGMENTS` mode can be selected if any problems occur with the 2 newer modes. |`CLOSED_SEGMENTS`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.indexer.task.batchProcessingMode`| Batch ingestion tasks have three operating modes to control construction and tracking for intermediary segments: `OPEN_SEGMENTS`, `CLOSED_SEGMENTS`, and `CLOSED_SEGMENT_SINKS`. `OPEN_SEGMENTS` uses the streaming ingestion code path and performs a `mmap` on intermediary segments to build a timeline to make these segments available to realtime queries. Batch ingestion doesn't require intermediary segments, so the default mode, `CLOSED_SEGMENTS`, eliminates `mmap` of intermediary segments. `CLOSED_SEGMENTS` mode still tracks the entire set of segments in heap. The `CLOSED_SEGMENTS_SINKS` mode is the most aggressive configuration and should have the smallest memory footprint. It eliminates in-memory tracking and `mmap` of intermediary segments produced during segment creation. `CLOSED_SEGMENTS_SINKS` mode isn't as well tested as other modes so is currently considered experimental. You can use `OPEN_SEGMENTS` mode if problems occur with the 2 newer modes. |`CLOSED_SEGMENTS`|
```
style nit

> |`druid.indexer.task.batchProcessingMode`| Batch ingestion tasks have three operating modes that control how intermediary segments are constructed and tracked: `OPEN_SEGMENTS`, `CLOSED_SEGMENTS`, and `CLOSED_SEGMENT_SINKS`. `OPEN_SEGMENTS` will use code based on the batch ingestion codepath in 0.21.1 and performs a `mmap` on intermediary segments to build a timeline so that these segments can be queryable by realtime queries. This is not needed at all for batch, so the default mode, `CLOSED_SEGMENTS`, eliminates `mmap` of intermediary segments, but still tracks the entire set of segments in heap. The `CLOSED_SEGMENTS_SINKS` mode is the most aggressive and should have the smallest memory footprint, and works by eliminating in memory tracking and `mmap` of intermediary segments produced during segment creation. This mode isn't as well tested as other modes so is currently considered experimental. `OPEN_SEGMENTS` mode can be selected if any problems occur with the 2 newer modes. |`CLOSED_SEGMENTS`|

Reviewer 2: How about 
> ... will use the streaming ingestion codepath and performs ...

Author: ```suggestion
|`druid.indexer.task.batchProcessingMode`| Batch ingestion tasks have three operating modes that control how intermediary segments are constructed and tracked: `OPEN_SEGMENTS`, `CLOSED_SEGMENTS`, and `CLOSED_SEGMENT_SINKS`. `OPEN_SEGMENTS` will use the streaming ingestion code path and performs a `mmap` on intermediary segments to build a timeline so that these segments can be queryable by realtime queries. This is not needed at all for batch, so the default mode, `CLOSED_SEGMENTS`, eliminates `mmap` of intermediary segments, but still tracks the entire set of segments in heap. The `CLOSED_SEGMENTS_SINKS` mode is the most aggressive and should have the smallest memory footprint, and works by eliminating in memory tracking and `mmap` of intermediary segments produced during segment creation. This mode isn't as well tested as other modes so is currently considered experimental. `OPEN_SEGMENTS` mode can be selected if any problems occur with the 2 newer modes. |`CLOSED_SEGMENTS`|
```
